Emacs Configuration
===================

I moved my Emacs configuration to a literate format in 2013 and have been
using that since (well, until now).  While literate code seems like a great
idea (especially for a configuration file) and would lead to a wonderful
experience, it has not.  I find that as I hack on my configuration, the
added literate verbiage seems contrived.  Most of the time, the code speaks
for itself and the addition of literate text is just redundant.  While this
may not be true for some of the larger components (org for example), most
of the time it is sufficient.

My new plan is to revert back to plain elisp code and add in documentation
comments as necessary.  That is the point of code comments anyway.

I've decided to do this by re-creating my configuration from the ground up.
It's always good to do on occasion.  There are plenty of new packages that
I was either not taking advantage of or not using properly.  This iteration
of refresh is intended to make use of those things, as well as weed out the
cruft.

Since I am starting all over, I have decided to give straight
 (https://github.com/raxod502/straight.el) a try.

The init.el file is responsible for setting up straight and loading the
additional configuration files. Due to some dependency issues (loading one
package before the next), I explicitly order the loading of the additional
configuration files (from config/ directory). Not doing this would still
work, but straight complains about the package configuration changing. This
occurs when a package is loaded as a dependency of another, before I
explicitly load it. The explicit ordering og the files prevents these
warnings.

News
----
I am, once again, rewriting my configuration. I am comfortable with the
configuration presented here, but there are certain things which have
annoyed me for some time. I aim to fix those things with a fresh look.
I will continue to use this configuration until the new one is "usable enough"
to start using. As my daily workflows are dependent on using Emacs, I
can't really afford to have "partially" working configuration.

You can find my current progress in the `modular` branch.

Additional Directories
---------------------

The config/paths.el file establishes some directories used by the rest of
the configuration.

`metafiles-dir` is set to the directory used to contain metadata (see
Metadata below).

Metadata
--------

I call content automatically generated by Emacs metadata. I don't believe
this content should reside within the configuration directory nor my home
directory, so I relocate it all into another folder (`~/.emacs-meta`). This
helps to keep things clean. The no-littering package helps with this also.

I have created a series of variables to point to all of this metadata
content in the paths.el file.

Specific Paths
--------------

Some things require specific paths. I have isolated all of my path specific
variables to machine specific files. These are loaded before the bulk of
other configuration files.
